CoreDataManager/README.md, before:

# CoreDataManager

By default, Xcode chooses to instantiate Core Data's components in `AppDelegate`.  This means, in order to use these components in other places, one must either:

- **Use dependency injection.** Apple's docs cite dependency injection as the preferred convention, but this is inflexible and repetitive, or
- **Use [UIApplication delegate] to access AppDelegate.**  Housing global references isn't the intended purpose of AppDelegate ([separation of concerns](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separation_of_concerns)).

Here, Core Data is extracted into a [singleton](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singleton_pattern) class.  

- Core Data's shared components (persistent store coordinator, managed object model, managed object context) are instantiated on first call.
- This includes a bunch helper methods which simplify selecting and inserting objects.

### NSManagedObject+Querying

I also wrote a category for `NSManagedObject`.  In tandem with `CoreDataManager`, this adds methods for querying entities from their `NSManagedObject` equivalents.  Use at your discretion.

### Usage

See [CoreDataManager.h](CoreDataManager.h).

Commit message:

Suggest ObjectiveRecord if you're into active record.

CoreDataManager/README.md, after:

# CoreDataManager

By default, Xcode chooses to instantiate Core Data's components in `AppDelegate`.  This means, in order to use these components in other places, one must either:

- **Use dependency injection.** Apple's docs cite dependency injection as the preferred convention, but this is inflexible and repetitive, or
- **Use [UIApplication delegate] to access AppDelegate.**  Housing global references isn't the intended purpose of AppDelegate ([separation of concerns](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separation_of_concerns)).

Here, Core Data is extracted into a [singleton](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singleton_pattern) class.  

- Core Data's shared components (persistent store coordinator, managed object model, managed object context) are instantiated on first call.
- This includes a bunch helper methods which simplify selecting and inserting objects.

### NSManagedObject+Querying

I also wrote a category for `NSManagedObject`.  In tandem with `CoreDataManager`, this adds methods for querying entities from their `NSManagedObject` equivalents.  It's an incomplete implementation of the [active record pattern](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_record_pattern).  If this is your schtick, I'd forgo this entirely and use [ObjectiveRecord](https://github.com/supermarin/ObjectiveRecord).  

### Usage

See [CoreDataManager.h](CoreDataManager.h).
